
# How AI can enhance our memory, work and social lives  (Verbs into Nouns)

### Paragraph 3
Now for most of us, the impact of this technology is a little improvement. But for my friend Daniel, this was a game changer. You see, Daniel is really social, and he's blind and quadriplegic, which makes the use of those devices we all take for granted a hardship. The last time I was at his house, his brother said, _"Hang on a second, Daniel's not ready. He's on the phone with a woman he met online."_ I'm like, _"That's cool. How'd he do it?"_
Well Daniel uses Siri as his own social life manager --- for his email, text and phone --- without any dependance on his caregivers. Interesting, right? The irony is great. Here's the man whose relationship with AI helps him have relationships with genuine human beings. And this is humanistic AI.

### Paragraph 5
But with the combination of the machine and the human, there was an increase of 99.5 percent in accuracy. The addition of that AI to a partnership resulted in the elimination of 85 percent of the errors that the human pathologist would have made during individual work. Now, for the curious, it turns out that the human was better at false positives rejection, and the machine was better at the recognition of hard-to-spot cases. But the lesson here isn't about which agent is better at this image-classification task. The lesson here is the creation of a superhuman performant partnership through the combination of the human and machine. And that is humanistic AI.

### Paragraph 9
But what if you could have a memory that was as good as computer memory, and about your own life? What if you could remember every one of your encounters, the pronounciation of every one of their names, your last conversation with them? With this artificial memory of yours, the look of the AI at all your interactions with people over time would help you for a reflection on the long arc of your relationships. What if you could have the reading of everything you've ever read and the listening of every song you ever listened from the AI's point of view? The tinniest clue could help with the retrieval of anything you've ever seen or heard before. What that would do for the ability in the making of new connections and the formations of new ideas is left to your imagination.
> Written with [StackEdit](https://stackedit.io/).
